The CollarDB scripts are licensed under the GPLv2 (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt), with the following addendum:


Throughout this license the term "authors" refers to Nandana Singh other contributors to CollarDB.

"Full perms" means maintaining the modify, copy, and transfer permissions in Second Life.  If the Second Life platform should allow more fine-grained permissions in the future, then "full perms" will mean the most permissive possible set of permissions allowed by the platform.

The CollarDB scripts are free to be copied, modified, and redistributed, subject to the following conditions:
    - If you distribute the CollarDB scripts, you must leave them full perms.  (This includes using the scripts in collars that you make.)
    - If you modify the CollarDB scripts and distribute the modifications, you must also make your modifications full perms.

Custom plugins that are entirely created by you, and which communicate with the CollarDB scripts only through link messages, are not subject to the above restrictions.

The CollarDB hug and kiss scripts were originally created by Francis Chung, with only slight modifications by Ilse Mannonen.  To the best of our knowledge, they are in the public domain.

To the best of our knowledge, the animations included in CollarDB which were not created by the authors (which is most of them), may be used without restriction.  Anims created by the authors must remain full perms.

Likewise, all textures included in the CollarDB that were not created by the authors are, to the best of our knowledge, free to use for any purpose.  The textures included which were created by the authors must remain full perms.  If you created one of the included textures and would like to have it removed, please notify Nandana Singh.

The base CollarDB object (in which the CollarDB scripts are placed) must also remain full perms.  (If you want to use the CollarDB scripts in collars that you have made and wish to sell, you can restrict copy or trans permissions on your prims, but you must leave the CollarDB scripts full perms).

The "shock" anim is used courtesy of Zozo Plympton.  􀀀See .